Remove `Site` and `Region` references from core docs. (#4058)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/user-guide/feature-guides/getting-started/creating-devices.md

* A Device Role
* A Device Type
    * A Device Type requires a Manufacturer

> * A Location
> 
> Looking at the list above, there are four objects in Nautobot that must be present prior to creating a related Device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A Location
    * A Location requires a Location Type

Looking at the list above, there are five objects in Nautobot that must be present prior to creating a related Device.
```

![Create a device type](../images/getting-started-nautobot-ui/4-create-device-type.png)

## Creating a Location Type

> To create a location, you need to specify a Location Type for the location.

Reviewer: Something like:

```suggestion
To create a location, you need to specify a Location Type for the location. The Location Type(s) that you define for your network may vary depending on the nature of your organization and its needs, but might include for example "region", "city", "site", "building" and/or "room". Take some time to think about this before you begin entering data as it will be a fundamental aspect of how you record your network in Nautobot.
```

More information on Location Type is found in the [Locations](../../core-data-model/dcim/locationtype.md#location-types) section of the Nautobot documentation.

> To create a new Location, you will need an existing Location Type or need to create a new Location Type instance.

Reviewer: delete this line? redundant with the above?

To create a new Location Type:

1. Click on **Organization** in the top navigation menu
2. Find **LocationTypes**
3. Select **+** to go to the `Add a new location type` form
4. Select a `Parent` LocationType if needed

> 5. Populate the LocationType's `Name`

Reviewer: For completeness, would also want/need to specify the content-types that can belong to this location-type.
